Panini NBA cards are back and today we
have the new 202526
signature series basketball. These are
unlicensed and so Topps now has the
license. Panini had it for the last
decade. Topps has it for like the next
decade plus. And so Topps made a license
while Panini had the license and now
Panini is making it unlicensed. Now that
Topps has the license. So there's no
logos but they have exclusive guys. They
have kabooms. They have a bunch of, you
know, popular brands. So today we have a
whole case. We're going to see is this
set good? If you guys enjoy these full
case reviews, you want to see more,
like, comment, subscribe, press those
buttons below. It's free. Helps promote
this and get you into YouTube on the
giveaway. Cosmic Chrome Basketball Hobby
Box ends in a couple days. Best of luck.
Info in the description. Here we go.
It's been a long time since we opened
some Panini for review because they lost
the license in like October, I believe.
So, decade plus of Panini basketball is
over in license form. Now, they have
jumble of stuff together. Interesting
set, very interesting checklist. But
today, we're open the whole case and see
if it's good. So, here's the product
information and I'll read it out real
quick. Then, we'll rip an entire case.
So, once again, they lost license and
everything here is unlicensed. All their
sets going forward will be unlicensed
for basketball and that just means no
logos and a bunch of guys like uh flag
won't be in here and things like that.
But, they have VJ exclusive. So, that's
a plus. That's the main gist of it. And
so, SRP here, $105, the resale like $200
maybe and dropping hopefully. So, what
are your thoughts on the prices of these
sets? You get one pack with four cards,
one in case auto, 12 box cases. In the
pack, one base, two parallels, one
insert, and then in the one-touch, one
in case autograph. So, there's a bunch
of parallels. Uh there's silver, red,
green, fuchsia, blue, purple, cracked
ice played. Uh gold, Pandora, gold
glitter, and platinum 101. Those are the
top there. And then inserts, class
masters, perpetual talent, profiles,
signature headlines, and kaboom. So
unlicensed but silk boom gold and the
101 ones are not green they are black.
So very very nice. Then autographs on
cardart and sticker in here. RPA alias
uh baseline generals. There's so many
sets here. Classification cornerstones
cover athletes dual autos for the
culture golden touch hardwood graphs
jersey autos made to frame quad autos
recognition rookie autos. Rookie
endorsements the iconic rookie season
tickets in here. There's uh signature
inscriptions, signature pride, signature
series retro, stats, suits, the
decision, tools of the trade, and triple
autos. And then 101 at the bottom there,
sketch cards. So very, very interesting.
And that is the product. So look for VJ.
He signs here exclusively. Auffs in
here. Uh they have Derek Rose, uh
Stokes, the number one prospect in the
next class. Uh Trey Johnson, Jeremiah
Fears, uh some of women's basketball top
names and other exclusives, legends,
NIL, all that stuff. with John Maria,
Ugo Gonzalez, and all those guys. So,
look for that amongst others. Let's have
some fun. Let's start ripping. And that
is the details. So, it is fun time or
maybe not. I don't know. I have no clue
if these are good, bad, in the middle.
We are finding out together. All right,
here we go. Full case. Should be the
longest case opening because you only
get five cards a box. So, that's why
we're doing a whole case. If there was
10,000 packs, we're doing like two
boxes. All righty. How's this work?
Whoa. Panini.
Interesting.
There's RNK's card. Set your coward to
49. That's actually PC, so I'll keep
that on card. I did not think that's how
it would work, but that's how it works.
Okay. I'm curious. At one point, they
get mixed up. Is there one box out there
where this is just on the front of the
box? It's possible. No panini. So, there
we go. There's our autograph to 49. We
want kabooms. They'd be in here. So,
yeah. I mean, let's see. We also have uh
breaks now tonight featuring uh some big
sets. Pick your player on whatnot link
down below. 15 off singles here
available also whatnot and it's a week
from now. Uh same link.
a lot of Grizzlies. Jaw is exclusive.
They had a bunch of exclusive guys and
they all are now tops guys except like
Jaw and maybe one or two others. But
yeah, there we go. So like, comment,
subscribe if you want to see more like
this. Full cases get you in the
giveaway. Cosmic Chrome hobby box and
ends very soon.
And these are 55 point actually. These
are thick cards.
There's Lenir to 15. Oh, all right. Is
that uh Blade maybe? I don't know but h
interesting
the Behringer. So they are doing
close-ups for a lot of these guys or
special you know angles to hide the
unlicensed and unlicensing.
Interesting.
And this Hansen 999 to the side holding
a ball in front stuff like that. So
better than at least the Tops ones that
were unlicensed in my opinion because
those ones didn't look great.
But, you know, I don't know if Top stuff
stays so expensive, I feel like some
people might be ripping this stuff.
Maybe. Problem is a lot of the Top Guys
are exclusive with Tops. So, if you want
flag, you can't get them in here.
All right. Now, I know the packaging.
So, let's just see this one right now.
Very nice. Derek Queen. Okay.
To 25 cornerstone. That's a great set to
get. That's one of the best ones in the
Panini portfolio in my opinion. Derek
Queen. Okay. Has he worn it though? No.
Classic Panini, man.
That's crazy. All right.
There's our base. do on 99
99 Burner
and Derek Rose
99 profiles. Okay, next box. It's a
quick one.
Let's see some uh Deathly Kaboom. Is
there Kaboom per case? That's my
question because most sets in basketball
that had Kabooms in them, it was one per
case. So, are we seeing one?
They'd be in the pack once again
Mwash to three.
Okay, so unlicensed, but uh one of three
Mwatch on card so far. All of them. Feel
like I'm getting pretty lucky, you know.
Or I don't know. Guess we'll see in the
next nine boxes.
No kaboom yet. There's KJ Lewis 189,
Harden 65,
Rose 75,
and Yannik 225 profiles. Okay,
next box,
here we go again. Where's that Kaboom?
And what will be the best auto from the
case? BJ's the biggest chase.
Definitely.
I'm curious
how Stokes or any NL guys that's where
Pini's been focusing like how that pans
out.
Uh
Ryan Hampton to 49. Okay. So we were
pretty lucky there.
Okay.
Um
h yeah I mean I don't know him but that
means kaboom in this pack then right
usually the panini I guess method is bad
auto means good pack
no
AI75
RJ Davis 99
and 9.
Okay, that one wasn't very good. I was
about to give this a pretty strong
rating based on the first three boxes.
But if those were flukes or the best
three from the case, then hm. Now it's a
lot cheaper. You know, 200 bucks and
dropping. That's good. I can work with
that a lot more. I can work with a,000 a
box for some other sets.
We have redemption.
Hm. Who would be redemption? Let's find
out.
Cornerstones.
Kevin McCale. Okay, I'll take that. I
mean, cornerstones.
All right. I mean, if that's the case,
can we get some associated player
warrant at least jerseys?
There's fears 199
magic 49
35 uh crier
and headlines my watch to 999 debut
edition extra extra.
Okay.
Okay. Here we go. Next one.
I had no clue that was the pack all this
time. When I first saw the box I was
like what is that? I thought it was like
a little uh packaging window.
It is, but like thought that was part of
the box.
Sorber to
25.
And that is I think on card, which is
nice. Okay, there you go. Yeah, I think
it's on card. I like that. Hi, pencil
guy.
Next pack.
Kaboom. James Harden on the front. Okay,
we got a kaboom.
Harden. Kaboom. So, they didn't hide the
no license there, but we got a kaboom,
baby. All right. So, I don't know if
they're guaranteed. Sometimes they are,
sometimes they're not. But Kaboom, James
Harden,
they're back. Wow.
I love Kabooms. I wish there's a better
shot here than you obvious unlicensed,
but that's a nice card. Kaboom is
Kaboom. So, there it is. It's back. It
is finally back. And there's the
back there. So, all right. It's not a
bad one. Not a bad one at all because
they don't have, you know, LeBron. They
don't have, you know, Curry, all these
guys. So, Harden, not bad from this
stuff. Uh 49 Malone
Mari
Cower 75. All right, so half a case
left. Can we get Mr. Greedy? He wants
two Kabooms. Can we see a 101? A VJ auto
bej auto.
All right, Harden Kaboom.
Jordan Smith Jr. The Decision.
Take my talents. That's kind of funny.
The Decision. Wow. I need a LeBron of
that. Although that would need to be
Tops.
And I don't know if he'd like that set.
Penda 189. Beinger 55
65 Holt
Row 75.
All right, last five boxes. Can we get
uh
VJ or Stokes? Probably the two I'm
looking for here.
So, that's kind of it. Let's see we can
get here.
Okay. So, so far, I mean, solid stuff.
Getting coach cards. Oh, yeah. Wait,
there's coach cards. I didn't mention
that, did I? Yeah, there's uh NIL
legends, stars, rookies, uh some of the
women's names, also coaches and
personality, stuff like that. So, that's
one thing to see. Like in the baseball
version, for example, they have also a
license for many years now, like Caitlyn
Clark, stuff like that. So, they're
trying to just use their portfolio where
they can. Penda 189, that's pretty cool.
If you like that, it's available in our
next auction. Thomas 55,
Clifford 65,
and Fleming 75.
Last four. I feel like the autos we
started very hot. We started very hot
for the ink and since then, you know, a
queen, my wash at three, all that stuff
to start and then all of a sudden we've
slowed down since.
We're back. That's sick. That's nice.
Jeremiah Fierce to 25 on card RPA. He is
super nice. Oh, the sticker's coming up.
Classic. All right. Very nice. Fierce.
Can we get VJ if we also get Fierce?
Him, Trey Johnson, and VJ are really
good players. So, Panini got pretty
lucky. They got three big time exclusive
names.
Behringer 189.
There's Arenas 49,
Sanders 55,
and Dane 25.
Okay, final three boxes, guys. Will we
close with a bang?
One more kaboom. Maybe uh a VJ auto.
Yeah. Yeah. Or Stokes, just cuz you
never know. He could be the next
superstar.
Or maybe he falls off. I don't know.
Mercy Miller to 49. There he is. Okay.
Mercy Miller. Fun card.
Yeah. Not associated.
Okay. So, autos have been solid
and got kaboom. Ugo 109 55 Flemings. Oh,
that's nice actually.
Uh there's 65
KO
Derek Queen Classm 99. Cool. And last
two boxes. This is it, guys.
Panini,
are you that guy? And so next will be
Don Rust, which I'll try to review as
well. My big question for you guys, very
important. Do you want me to review all
the unlicensed pine sets or would you
rather skip some of them? Let me know if
you guys want to see them. I'll buy some
boxes and review.
There's Mercy Miller again,
but like 2425 tops unlicensed. I didn't
really do that one. I didn't think there
was enough interest. So, let me know and
we'll see.
29.
Mashek and
Oh, wow. Dame to three. Okay.
Mercy 55.
Fear 75. Dame cracked ice to three.
That's ice. Ice is back. That's not
Pebbles. There we go. Last box.
Let's see what we can see. Come on. VJ
Auto.
I'm banking on No. I'm begging on no
just got too many good ones I feel like
unless they change their formula. But if
you like any cards from this video, I
think all of them except the cow should
be available in our next single auction
and whatnot link down below. 15 off big
breaks right now tonight on whatnot for
some uh playoff mojo chasing some of the
biggest grails and like, comment,
subscribe. You want to see some more get
you in the giveaway. That box right
there. Best of luck
will rally. All right. All right,
redemption time. Redemption in a
one-touch
and final pack.
All right,
Clayton 189, Strong 55,
65, Penda,
and Clayton 15. There we go. For $200 a
box and hopefully dropping, what are
your thoughts on that product? Hm. What
do you guys think? Was that a buy? Is
that a pass? Like the output was solid.
Will Riley unlicensed is unlicensed
though. Mercy Miller. Mercy Miller.
Furious 25 is sick. Very nice card
there. Put it right here.
So got some coach action. Got some
decision. Kaboom. Harden.
Sorber.
Custom male
more
uh there's a mala 3 well nil I think
queen 25 car 49
h [clears throat] so like this product
was solid right solid I think it's $200
I don't know about $200 maybe like 100
bucks SRP that sounds not too bad to me
you know so there's some good stuff they
have multiple big exclusive names and
popular guys but yeah I mean if the
price drops a little bit. I don't think
it's that bad. I'm personally not a fan
of unlicensed, but I don't think that
was too bad. So, yeah, comment down
below. I'm very curious on your guys'
thoughts on this set and unlicensed.
And, you know, unlicensed kabooms
obviously not as cool as licensed
kabooms, but there's black 101s are
still gold. And yeah, there's some solid
stuff overall. I feel like on scale one
to 10
at the current price like $200, I'll
probably say it's uh h that's a tricky
one to rate because it's not much to
compare it to exactly. I'm going this
one a 575. A little above average. I
feel like that was not too bad for the
price. It's not a good thing, but I'm
used to getting absolutely smoked on
these openings. Uh if you don't count
the last week where I pulled like a
Cooper Fly or 1B auto every, you know,
box, usually we're getting slaughtered.
And so, you know, I feel like we did
[clears throat] decent for the price.
Usually, I can't say the same. So, not
too bad. Fears, I like that. So, there
we go. In the books. Dress will be next.
If you want to see Don Russ, comment
down below. Let me know and I'll do that
one as well. And then I think Noir after
that. So, Benian license. Is it a buy?
Guess we will see. But there's the first
one down. Many more to come and a lot of
big stuff on the horizon. So, stay
tuned. But does guys, thank you always
for watching. Like, comment, subscribe.
Until next time, I'll see you